Add Starlette integration to the documentation (#1287)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/integrations/starlette.md

---
title: Starlette
---

# Starlette

> Strawberry provides support for [Starlette](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) with the ASGI integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Strawberry provides support for [Starlette](https://www.starlette.io/) with the ASGI integration.
```

See below example for integrating Starlette with Strawberry:

```python
from starlette.applications import Starlette
from strawberry.asgi import GraphQL

from api.schema import schema

graphql_app = GraphQL(schema)

app = Starlette()
app.add_route("/graphql", graphql_app)
app.add_websocket_route("/subscriptions", graphql_app)
```

> For more information about Strawberry ASGI refer to [asgi.md](./asgi.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Strawberry ASGI refer to [the documentation on ASGI](./asgi.md)
```
